Just by adding the beach traps.
Yes we get some default styling to get the most out of bootstraps though.
We need to change our asml.
First we need to make sure we have the right dock type at the top of our it's mail and also these two
metter elements in the head section.
We've already got the doctype and the characters set metter element.
We just need to add the viewport one.
And this basically sets up the site to behave responsibly which means it will adapt to different browsers
based on the screen size automatically.
Next we need to add a container around our content.
This adds some standard padding around the body content and is also necessary for some other elements
to work.
You can also divide up content into different columns using the powerful grid system if you like.
We'll just add a container element for now.
To add a container we just add a div element with the class of container at the start of the body.
And we close this div at the end in the footer.
In the browser the content is now in a now column.
Next let's change these navigation links.
We can style navigation elements by adding various classes to the unordered elements where we have our
links.
The list item elements and the links themselves.
So here in our navigation links in the header.
If we add all those crosses.
Now the navigation links are shown horizontally and without the bullet point from the list.
Pagination links are styled in much the same way by adding classes to the list.
List Items and anchor elements in the pagination navigation.
We've got our pagination links in the pagination script in the includes folder so if I add the classes
as per the bootstrap documentation.
Then the pagination links now have much nicer styling both in the main index and in the admin index
too.